= Asimov
Industrialization of EC2 Instance lauching

== Who is Asimov ?

Asimov wrote terrific novels about robots.

== What is Asimov ?

Asimov is a ruby program wich launch EC2 Ubuntu Server instances and remotely install softwares.

= Install 

Asimov is provided as a ruby program.

Sources are hosted on a github private repository.

  git clone git@github.com:gcrofils/asimov.git
  
= Configuration

2 files are needed to finalize the setup +config/ec2.yml+ and +config/server.yml+

== +config/ec2.yml+

It's a simple YAML file to store your ec2 credentials.

  config/ec2.yml
  access_key_id: AKIASSLKOZKABFDSKUQ
  secret_access_key: SecR3taCcEEsK3Y4512
  
== +server.yml+

Well, it's a bit more complicated, but not that much.
This YAML file describes any application server you will install on the instance.

Here's an example to start

  my_server:
    core:
      workdir: /home/ubuntu
      logfile: /home/ubuntu/install.log
      tracefile: /home/ubuntu/trace.log
      domain: my.domain.com
    ec2:
      image_id: ami-a94d67dd
      region: eu-west-1
      instance_type: m1.small
      security_group: webserver-dev
      key_name: aws-eu
      debug: 0
      test : 0
      lifecycle: normal
    mysql:
      root_password: secret
    sendmail: 1
      
=== core

Available options:

[:+workdir+] Home dir. Default : /home/ubuntu
[:+logfile+] Path to log file, Default: /home/ubuntu/install.log
[:+tracefile+] Path to trace file, Default: /home/ubuntu/install.log
[:+domain+] Often needed (Magento, ddclient...)

=== ec2

Available options:
[:+image_id+] EC2 amid. Tested several flavor of 32/64bits Ubuntu. see http://alestic.com/ Example: ami-a94d67dd
[:+region+] EC2 Region Tested on EU only. Example: eu-west-1
[:+instance_type+] Example: m1.small
[:+security_group+] Example: ...
[:+key_name+] Example: ...
    

=== ddclient
  ddclient: